Refactors Nature Sort By to use simpler radio button fieldset (#687)
springernature/frontend-toolkits: toolkits/nature/packages/nature-sort-by/README.md

[![NPM version][badge-npm]][info-npm]

> A component for use on Nature product pages that allows a user to sort a list of content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Nature Sort by component lets users change the order of a list of content items. For example, to sort search results by date or relevance.
```

```scss
@import '@springernature/nature-sort-by/scss/10-settings/sort-by';
@import '@springernature/nature-sort-by/scss/50-components/sort-by';
```

> The component's HTML should be inserted inside of an HTML form in your application. See below [Template section](#template) for an example.

Reviewer: Try to use active, rather than passive language where you can, as it's clearer for people to read and understand. Happy to talk through the difference if that's useful :)

```suggestion
Insert the component's HTML inside an HTML form in your application. See an example [template](#template) below.
```

> The component's HTML should be inserted inside of an HTML form in your application. See below [Template section](#template) for an example.

Reviewer: Will the anchor link here work on the Elements website? @sangitamane any idea?

Author: Thanks Amy. This approach for hash linking in the README markdown files seems to be what we have done across all Elements components and brand contexts. So perhaps if we need to change that in any way we do it separately in another PR and we do across the entire Frontend Toolkits codebase?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5796370/154047456-f26d6b0f-2972-4f5c-9537-895b7b105fa3.png)

## Configuration

The Sort By component passes data to a backend to tell it how a list of content should be sorted. This is done using a standard form submission and requires you to have a backend to receive and that process the form data. Edit the values of the `name` and `value` html attributes on the radio inputs to define data appropriate for your backend logic.

## Template

> Find a configurable template in the [`view` folder](./view/sort-by.hbs). You can see an example usage in the [`demo` folder](./demo/dist/index.html). 

Reviewer: These links need to be the full URLs rather than relative links as the latter doesn't work on the Elements site. Are you OK to update?

Author: Sure thing 👍
